---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-13T17:13:20.341Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-13T17:12:51.030Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-13-6b51e754-0106-4eb8-8b7c-48ea159b5a67.md
published: true
url: 6b51e754-0106-4eb8-8b7c-48ea159b5a67/index.html
_type: Article

---
Today, "eCommerce" has become more than just a buzz word. It is a means of livelihood for millions of people all over the world, and it's here to stay.

It's time to get in on the game and establish your online presence with Kraika, and here's why:

1. **Expand your Customer Base Globally**The way people are shopping is changing dramatically. People across the world are becoming more and more comfortable buying what they need online. By setting up your own website, you stand to gain hundreds of thousands of customers without them ever having to set foot in your physical store.
2. **Keep your Doors open 24/7**  
Your online store will be open all the time, every single day of the year. Customers will now be able to shop any time they want, wherever they want! Imagine trying to make a sale to someone who cannot visit your store during business hours or lives very far away. Impossible, right? Wrong! Customers can easily shop at their leisure at your online store without imposing limitations on time or distance.
3. **High Returns on Investment**  
Location and visibility play a huge role in a physical store's success. With your online store, potential customers who have never walked by your physical store will be able to see you online. Your online store also has zero overhead costs such as staffing or electricity, leading to higher margins on sales.
4. **Get Recognized and Instill Customer Confidence**  
Your e-Commerce website is the face of your company to the world, building customer confidence and brand recognition. Make your business stand out and keep customers coming back for more!
5. **Gather enormous Customer Data**  
Easily gather email addresses and other information about your customers during checkout. This will enable you to send targeted advertising to reengage and repeat business in the future.

Starting an eCommerce website might seem daunting but in reality, requires far less investment than opening another physical store location. All you need is a computer or mobile phone with internet connection, some boxes to ship your items, and of course, Kraika's eCommerce platform to create your online store and manage your business. You can have your own eCommerce store in 48 hours!

**[Click here to get started.][0]**

[0]: https://kraika.typeform.com/to/hz8m8s